How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Fill in your answer here
    Appearently, it shows me only the diffrent parts of the old version file and 
    the new one, so I can focus on them which saves a lot of time, instead of 
    reading codes line by line.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Fill in your answer here
    Getting more information about a project is always better. Like Sarah says, 
    I can undo a file(roll back to a previous version of files) when I encounter
    bugs. 

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Fill in your answer here
    pros of manually commit: flexible
    cons of manually commit: sometimes we forget to commit which makes it too big,
                             or we commit too many times which makes it too small.
    pros of automatically save: safe, we will not lose our work if we forget to save
    cons of automatically save: difficult to read version history

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Fill in your answer here
    They are both useful to different scenarios. When files are relatived with
    each other, use Git; on the other hand, when files are standalone, Goodle Docs
    will do.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Fill in your answer here
    In Git Bash, type in "git log" and I can see all the commits of files;
    type in"git diff 'first_id' 'second_id'" and I can see all the diffrents between
    the two files.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Fill in your answer here
    It definitely helps, because if I introduced bugs, I can just checkout the old
    version and get back to normal.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Fill in your answer here
    From now on, I will use version control for my Android projects.